British English Academy.
A2 listening activity.
Course: A2 Everyday English.
Module 2: Past Experiences and Personal Stories.
Lesson 6: Past Experiences and Personal Stories: Writing Lesson 6.
Listen and repeat the useful phrases.
Listen to the writing model. Notice how the answer is organised.
Learning objective: Learners can describe, compare and exchange simple information in a writing task about travel.
Today you will practise language connected to travel.
Target language: past simple.
Explanation.
In this lesson you will practise writing for past experiences and personal stories. You will learn useful language connected to travel and practise past simple. By the end, you should be able to complete a short real-life task and explain your answer clearly at A2 level.